docs: Prepare Changelog for 8.4.0 (#32760)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/

[[release-notes-8.4.0]]
=== Beats version 8.4.0
https://github.com/elastic/beats/compare/v8.3.3\...v8.4.0[View commits]

==== Breaking changes

*Heartbeat*
- Browser monitors (beta) now write to the `synthetics-*` index prefix. {pull}32064[32064]
- Setting a custom index for a given monitor is now deprecated. Streams are preferred. {pull}32064[32064]

> - Browserc monitors now default to a max concurrency of two. {pull}32564[32564]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Browser monitors now default to a max concurrency of two. {pull}32564[32564]
```

==== Bugfixes

*Affecting all Beats*

- Fix namespacing for agent self-monitoring, CPU no longer reports as zero. {pull}32336[32336]
- Expand fields in `decode_json_fields` if target is set. {issue}31712[31712] {pull}32010[32010]

*Auditbeat*

- auditd module: Fix parsing of audit rules where arguments are quoted (like file paths containing spaces). {pull}32421[32421]
- auditd module: Fix minimum AuditStatus length so that library can support kernels from 2.6.32. {pull}32421[32421]
- system/socket: Reduce memory usage of the dataset. {issue}32191[32191] {pull}32192[32192]

*Filebeat*

- Fix counter for number of events published in `httpjson` input. {pull}31993[31993]
- Fix handling of Checkpoint event for R81. {issue}32380[32380] {pull}32458[32458]
- gcp-pubsub input: Restart Pub/Sub client on all errors. {issue}32550[32550] {pull}32712[32712]

*Heartbeat*

- Send targetted error message for unexpected synthetics exits. {pull}31936[31936]
- Reduced memory usage slightly for browser monitors. {pull}32317[32317]
- Automatically kill zombie-ish node processes. {pull}32393[32393]
- Added timeout for browser monitors. {pull}32434[32434]

> - Fix bug browser jobs would sometimes be missing check groups or send empty events. {pull}32542[32542]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug with browser jobs that had missing check groups or sent empty events. {pull}32542[32542]
```

Reviewer: Not sure if this is quite right, but the original was hard to understand.

*Metricbeat*

> - update kubernetes apiserver metricset to not collect deprecated metrics and fix dashboard {pull}31973[31973]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update kubernetes apiserver metricset to not collect deprecated metrics and fix dashboard. {pull}31973[31973]
```

- Check for nil metadata in GCP. {pull}32281[32281]

> - update kubernetes controllermanager metricset to not collect deprecated metrics and fix dashboard {pull}32037[32037]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Kubernetes controllermanager metricset to not collect deprecated metrics and fix dashboard. {pull}32037[32037]
```

> - Fix to ARN parsing for Cloudwatch resource names with leading slashes {pull}32358[32358]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix ARN parsing for Cloudwatch resource names with leading slashes. {pull}32358[32358]
```

- Fix an infinite loop in AWS billing metricset. {pull}32626[32626]

> - Add missing metrics in AWS Transit Gateway module {pull}32617[32617]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add missing metrics in AWS Transit Gateway module. {pull}32617[32617]
```

> - Replace internal expiring cache used by the Kubernetes module with in-memory dictionary {pull}32539[32539]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace internal expiring cache used by the Kubernetes module with in-memory dictionary. {pull}32539[32539]
```

*Winlogbeat*

- Powershell: Fix processing of parameter details. {pull}31833[31833]
- Security: Fix processing of sidlist, access list and access mask. {pull}31833[31833]
- Fix fatal invalid memory write on Windows 11. {issue}32469[32469] {pull}32519[32519]
- Fix handling of event formatting when no metadata is available on Windows 11. {issue}32468[32468] {pull}32519[32519]

==== Added

*Affecting all Beats*

- Improve performance of disk queue by coalescing writes. {pull}31935[31935]

*Auditbeat*

- Add `immutable` option to the auditd module. {issue}8352[8352] {pull}32381[32381]

*Filebeat*

- Add `auth.oauth2.google.jwt_json` option to `httpjson` input. {pull}31750[31750]
- Add authentication fields to RabbitMQ module documents. {issue}31159[31159] {pull}31680[31680]
- Add template helper function for decoding hexadecimal strings. {pull}31886[31886]
- Add new `parser` called `include_message` to filter based on message contents. {issue}31794[31794] {pull}32094[32094]
- Extend list of mapped record types in o365 Audit module. {pull}32217[32217]

> - Add references for CRI-O configuration in input-container and in our kubernetes manifests {issue}32149[32149] {pull}32151[32151]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add references for CRI-O configuration in input-container and in our Kubernetes manifests. {issue}32149[32149] {pull}32151[32151]
```

- httpjson input: Add `replaceAll` helper function to template context. {pull}32365[32365]
- Optimize grok patterns in system.auth module pipeline. {pull}32360[32360]
- Checkpoint module: add authentication operation outcome enrichment. {issue}32230[32230] {pull}32431[32431]

> - add documentation for decode_xml_wineventlog processor field mappings.  {pull}32456[32456]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add documentation for decode_xml_wineventlog processor field mappings.  {pull}32456[32456]
```

*Metricbeat*

> - Enhance Oracle Module: Refactor module to properly use host parsers instead of doing its own parsing of hosts {issue}31611[31611] {pull}31692[#31692]

Reviewer: Add periods to the end of each sentence here. I don't really care about periods, but we should be consistent and use them everywhere.

Reviewer 2: Done, thanks!

> - Enhance Oracle Module: Connection string for Oracle does not handle special characters properly {issue}24609[24609] {pull}31368[#31368]

Reviewer: Isn't clear here that this problem is fixed.

Reviewer 2: Agreed, I reworded this and moved it to the bug fixes section.
